tweeting after a long time!

Luv knws no limit 2 its endurance,no end 2 its trust,no fading of its hope;it can outlast anything.Luv still stands when all else has fallen

A thing of beauty is a joy forever:
Its loveliness increases; it will never 
Pass into nothingness.

A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years.

thank for all the help love you all

can anyone tell me how to contact/link twitter to facebook?

follow me on fb:http://www.facebook.com/pages/Kangna-Ranaut/154504747906348

my biggest asset is that i knw how to learn and that, I believe, will help me in the long run

Dhamaal 2 with the gorgeous Mallika

http://yfrog.com/n7hrvj

didnt knw servers are down its been a hour and still not fixed

heeyyy why can't i login in fb???:(

When you always do your best, you take action. Doing your best is taking action because you love it, not because you're expecting a reward

Join me on facebook: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Kangna-Ranaut/154504747906348?created#!/pages/Kangna-Ranaut/154504747906348?v=info

one of the new photoshoots that i have http://plixi.com/p/46379502

http://plixi.com/p/46360221 @RanbirKapoorRK best luck to u and mimi

new background hope you guys like it

omg its been a while that i haven't tweet

Luv knws no limit 2 its endurance,no end 2 its trust,no fading of its hope;it can outlast anything.Luv still stands when all else has fallen

Justice and power must be brought together, so that whatever is just may be powerful, and whatever is powerful may be just.

What can we do but keep on breathing in and out, modest and willing, and in our places?

Fear less, hope more; eat less, chew more; whine less, breathe more;talk less, say more; hate less, love more; and all good things are yours

Freedom is strangely ephemeral.  It is something like breathing; one only becomes acutely aware of its importance when one is choking.

Dear friends i'm trying my best on being active in here..I wish i had more time but trying my best

happy Women's Day

Virtue is praised, but hated. People run from it, for it is ice-cold and in this world you have to keep your feet warm

well at this momnet i'm at home relaxing, watching tv & tweeting u guys :D

hii love ones

I'm aslo working on Once Upon a Time in Mumbai with Ajay Devgan, Emraan Hashmi, Prachi Desai, & Randeep Hooda

Lets give ASIN a big shout out for being on twitter with us @AsinThottumkalA

it was a great night :) http://tweetphoto.com/13125249

Still shooting for Knock Out..I'm having a blast!!

Life is like a mirror, we get the best results when we smile at it

Start every day with a smile and get it over with :)

Celebrate the happiness that friends are always giving, make every day a holiday and celebrate just living!

Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you'll never cease to grow.

HAPPY HOLI TO EVERYONE

Been crazy busy...Having a crazy week :D crazy days dont ever end!!!

This much is certain: when a man is happy, happy to the core and root of beatitude, he is no longer conscious of himself or anything else.

One-third of the world's ecosystems have been lost in just twenty-five years because of human pressure.

http://www.facebook.com/pages/Kangna-Ranaut/285546659673

at the Premiere of Dulha Mil Gaya in Cinemax,Mumbai on 7th Jan http://tweetphoto.com/10331533

at Sendhil Ramamurthy welcome bash http://tweetphoto.com/10331467

Love is caring for her physically and emotionally. It's telling her everyday, anytime, anywhere, anyhow,for no just reason that u love her.

u feel like ur life has no meaning or purpose without her.n that f she wasnt holding ur hand u would float away 2 heaven from whre she came

Love is not caring what other people think about the two of you.  Love is when you feel depressed and sickly when you're not with her.

Love is the greatest gift God ever gave man. Love is not wanting to go anywhere without her.

i read all of the comments about love..i think love is careness,trust,honesty, happiness, and feelings

does anyone know what true love is???

life is short so enjoy life as much as you can

mee http://tweetphoto.com/10192233

http://blog.realkangnaranaut.com/

bak on twitteringggg

it was really nice talking to you all lots of luv to each of you

okay friends i must say that i have to go...have to get ready for work, bye for now

The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.

If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes

So often times it happens that we live our lives in chains 
And we never even know we have the key

Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake

Of all parts of wisdom the practice is the best.

did you ever noticed that Years teach us more than books

It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves.

In absence of clearly defined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia

There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something.

Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives

once more my upcoming films are Knock Out, T Series Next, No Problem, & Once Upon A Time In Mumbai

omg tooooo many tweets don't know who to answer lol i'm trying my best on replying

Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp,
or what's a heaven for?

Failures do what is tension relieving,
while winners do what is goal achieving

today is my replying day..

Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is

